Question: What is a kangroo's favorite year?
Answer: Leap Year!
Question: What is the first thing you put in a room??
Answer: Your Feet!
Question: How do you make friends with a computer?
Answer: Bit by bit!
Question: Who always goes to bed with shoes on?
Answer: A Horse!
Question: What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea?
Answer: It gets wet!
Question: Where do frogs sit?
Answer: On toadstools!
Question: What kind of paper makes you itch?
Answer: Scratch paper!
Question: What word can you spell the same backwards and forwards?
Answer: Noon!
Question: What did the tree say to the woodpecker?
Answer: You bore me!
Question: What goes around the yard but dosen't move?
Answer: A fence!
Question: What is a calf after it is six months old?
Answer:  Seven months old!
Question: What piece of wood is like a king?
Answer:  A ruler!
Question: What has five heads and five tails?
Answer:  Five pennies!
Question: What fruit has a short temper?
Answer:  A crab apple!
Question: What has four legs and a back but no body?
Answer: A chair!
Question: What did the dentist say to the golfer?
Answer:  You have a hole in one!
Question: How do you make an eggroll?
Answer: Push it!
Question: What is a pie in the sky?
Answer:  A flying pizza!
Question: What do baby lambs say to their mother?
Answer:  Thank ewe!
Question: What do mice were to gym?
Answer:  Squeakers!
Question: What do you call a cat who eats a lemon?
Answer: A sourpuss!
Question: What is the happiest satae in the U.S.?
Answer:  Merry land!
Question: What helps hold your teeth together?
Answer:  Toothpaste!
Question: Why do bee hum?
Answer:  Because the don't know the words to the song!
Question: Who settled in the west first?
Answer:  The Sun!
Question: What is the biggest ant?
Answer:  An elephANT!
Question: What is smaller then an ants mouth?
Answer:  An ants dinner!
Question: Which fish has the lowest voice?
Answer:  A bass!
Question: What house weighs the least?
Answer:  A lighthouse!
Question: What is purple and 5000 miles long?
Answer:  The grape wall of China!
Question: What are baby cats called in England?
Answer: Kittens!
Question: Where do fish keep their money?
Answer:  In river banks!
Question: What do you get if you put your hand in a pot?
Answer:  A potted palm!
Question: Where person is always yelling?
Answer:  The I scream man!
Question: Where is the ocean the deepest?
Answer:  At the bottom!